feat: Support redirects on external image URLs (#16519)
withastro/astro: .changeset/khaki-keys-guess.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': minor
'astro': minor
---

> Updates image handling to support redirecting URLs.

Reviewer: Given this is a `minor` change we like to have a little more in-depth changesets, like something that might appear in the release article. So I would suggest adding a code example of the `remotePatterns` config that you would use to get redirects.

Also see https://contribute.docs.astro.build/docs-for-code-changes/changesets/#new-features which helps with wording. This sentence might be "Adds support for redirecting URLs in remote image optimization".

> If an image is configured to be optimized by having it's URL be covered by either `image.remotePatterns` or `image.domains`, Astro will now manually follow up to 10 redirects and check whether the final destination is also covered by either option. If it is, the image will be loaded, otherwise it will be ignored and an error will be thrown.

Reviewer 2: A typo (`it's` > `its`) but I also tried to reword it a bit to ease the reading. Long sentences are harder to parse. Feel free to update if I forgot to include something important:
```suggestion
Astro now tracks up to 10 redirects for optimized images. The image will be loaded if its final destination matches one of the patterns defined by `image.remotePatterns` or `image.domains`. Otherwise, it will be ignored and an error will be thrown.
```
